TYB Standard Edition Technical White Paper
GM Blockchain Technology R&D Team
2018-3-16
 
TYB official version technical white paper 
1.TYB system summary
 
The TYB system is a blockchain sharing system that is designed and developed for developers and enterprises. The TYB blockchain is a multi-format high-level programming language.
The vision of TYB and EOS is roughly similar, just the bottom layer of an operating system. In this operating system, various ecological applications can be built, because the API port of the TYB system is freely open, and each application system outside the TYB system is made. You can get unlimited and efficient support. Similar to China's Alipay (WeChat), the number of daily transactions exceeds one billion, and only TYB can be built in the blockchain. The TYB development team developed a new architecture to extend the performance of distributed applications. The developer accesses the data port synchronization client architecture and creates its own application. The system provides all the required data for free: operation interface integration, API access interface, database sharing, distributed server synchronization, Token asynchronous communication, OAuth, identity Verify synchronization, TYB account provisioning, application interface processing, etc.Infinitely many distributed processors and shared trial databases work together to complete program scheduling, and more developers and enterprises share. The final form of the technology is the unified architecture of the blockchain application ecosystem. The shared processor processes the data for instant collection and processing. Handling methods to avoid any data errors. The TYB blockchain can support tens of millions of encryption and decryption processes per second. As the distributed shared processor increases processing power several times, developers and enterprise unified intelligent protocols are free to use.
 
2、 background
Since the introduction of the Bitcoin white paper in 2009, with the rapid rise of Bitcoin in the trading arena, many industries have invested significant resources into the underlying technology of this very popular but controversial cryptocurrency. The blockchain technology research team of General Electric Company (GE, founded in 1892, also known as Singular Company, NYSE: GE) has been exploring and researching in the field of blockchain digital assets. Introduced a shared blockchain system. Registered in the Cayman Islands, blockchain application investment company, focusing on the blockchain project, is committed to creating a new era of blockchain digital currency circulation and application, and is the leader in the global blockchain digital currency circulation innovation.
 
3、Requirements for sharing TYB applications
To connect to TYB shared resources, you should meet the following requirements:
(1) Developers must be familiar with: Solidity, GO development language, Java, C++, etc. Developers are required to submit a development plan white paper for the application product and execute it according to the white paper.
(2) Developers need to have the ability to develop real-time update processing. The delay-free update greatly enhances the member experience, and the processing power can support at least 10 million levels. (You can provide development-related technology to the TYB system at the time of application, free of charge)
(3) Easy upgrade and bug recovery, blockchain-based applications naturally need to support software upgrades when iterating over functions. All software may be affected by bugs. The TYB system has automatic detection and automatic recovery of bugs. Developers must develop relevant interfaces.(4) Sharing open performance, large-scale applications need to divide the workload between multiple CPUs and computers.
(5) Developers need to have the ability to develop API port docking.
Open source address: https://github.com/Mike-Zrw/TokenApiAuth to create an interface.
 
4、algorithms and rules
The TYB system development team is committed to creating an application-based circulation ecosystem. The only one in the architecture that can meet the above requirements is the combination of the system (PBFT algorithm) and the self-tuning algorithm (PWER).
Using the PBFT protocol, the global rigidity generates 300 million TYBs, which will never be issued. All distribution ratios are:
Total issuance: 300 million pieces
Release date: July 9, 2018
Free gift: 100 million pieces (300 days)
Number of circulation: 150 million pieces
Development team: 50 million pieces (720 days non-circulating)The TYB of all PBFT protocol algorithms needs to be traded on the main line (the major external exchanges). The user can freely withdraw money through the system intelligent contract batch component (1:1). TYB can exchange funds on each foreign exchange exchange, and all TYBs transferred out of the exchange will not be returned to the application according to the agreement. When the main line transaction is opened, the application sectors of the application side are gradually opened at the same time. At the same time, the system starts (PWER) algorithm, and the TYB application system adaptively allocates according to the user's demand and consumption, ensuring that the TYB price of the application end is stable, realizing the real blockchain application landing. The circulation produces value, and the profit generated by each application will promote the price increase of TYB, maintain long-term price stability, and realize the real circulation of the blockchain.5、 blockchain common platform
    The TYB system we are going to talk about now aims to establish a common blockchain application interface, data sharing, and any enterprise or individual in the future wants to use the blockchain function for enterprise expansion, internet finance, protocol management, virtual resources, investment attraction, When applying technology applications such as commercial applications, it is no longer necessary to build the blockchain by time and effort. Instead, the blockchain platform of TYB can be directly used, and relevant applications and powerful member groups can be conveniently implemented on the platform. These applications are revolutionary advances for the current business community, and can push the human society to another, more advanced era, from the information age to the information sharing era. The general blockchain platform, in addition to the basic features of such platforms, must focus on several feature requirements: a modular consensus mechanism. Since different industries and regions may run their own networks, different networks may need to be deployed differently. Consensus algorithms to suit their usage. The consistency algorithm of the TYB dominating protocol must be configurable, allowing users to choose their own consistency algorithm during the deployment process. The PWER protocol has been upgraded and innovated under the premise of the (PBFT protocol). The very good protocol is now the DPOS protocol. It is expected that the PWER protocol will be the most reliable protocol in the next 5-10 years. We will work harder for the blockchain application to land.
 
6、 Trading certificate
The TYB system has a separate Token for each transaction. The token is decrypted and re-encrypted in any application system (including the exchange). It is never split and repeatable because there is no mining (POW, POS, DPOS). Some of the bugs that occur, such as the PWER. When any TYB ends its mission, it will not repeat any data and there will be no bubbles.
 7、 Account
The TYB system only allows users to register node accounts using mobile phone numbers. Each account registration requires SMS verification code, which avoids unreal account nodes and causes false algorithmic node information to cause algorithm errors. The account space nickname is set by the member. Namespace, so space is unique. In the case of decentralization, the program developers are equal. The account node is actually an application interface. Each application is open to provide the client registration login interface. An account has been created by a user who has already registered with another application.
 
8、messaging and message handlers
Each account can send a message to another account, and can define the processing after the message is accepted, and the message is automatically updated. The TYB system provides each account with its own unique database, accessed by its own message handler. Message processing can send messages to other accounts, the information does not stay, and the node does not go online to find it in its own database.
 
9、 the completion certificate
When the transaction certificate of the external blockchain application is known, it is known that all processed transactions are valid, and the system will automatically process all transactions. The TYB system is different from any blockchain application because it uses a distributed processor sharing system. Avoid being unable to prove that all recent transactions are known and there are no missing entries between the transaction data. The TYB system does this by assigning a sequential identification number to each account that arrives at the account. Developers can use these labels to prove that all messages given to this account have been processed and processed in sequence.
 10、summary
TYB has developed a new blockchain open platform for GM's blockchain technology R&D team. Through tens of times of verification and long-term practice, TYB system represents TYB system. Subversive advances in blockchain technology. It can lead the great mission of the global blockchain society, the development of more unrestricted people's livelihood applications, and the development of unlimited blockchain value.
